Add wimse-sign-response for mandated signed responses (#278)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol: draft-ietf-wimse-http-signature.md

## Authentication

* A workload receiving a request can validate that it is signed correctly, and can identify the sender.
* A workload receiving a response can similarly authenticate its sender when response signing is required

> ({{signing-the-response}}) and the recipient validates this signature.

Reviewer: The and validates this signature seems like odd phrasing or a bit redundant.

```suggestion
* A workload receiving a response can similarly validate the signature and identify the sender when response signing is required
({{signing-the-response}}).
```
